there was a man by the name of I would
hasten this is true it happened in Egypt
a long time ago there was this dictator
by the name of even Tulum he imprisoned
and killed and tortured so many Muslims
came to him a man by the name of Apple
hasn't he says feel Allah all these
people that you have missed you know and
justly treated in jails be Allah
says you training me to fear Allah
he took him into this arena yes I'm
going to punish he'll punish me I've
never punished anybody before you he
brought him into this arena and then he
got a a lion coming out to go and do for
him in front of everyone in front of
everybody the guys sitting up a - his
name is and then all of a sudden a lion
came out rushing one into Abu Hassan you
know whatever has indeed Allah he went
into the Salah
he went into the prayer artists if I die
I die Subhan Allah the line came start
going around
Apple hasson saliva coming down from the
lion's mouth and then going down good I
would husband he's in his Sunnah he's
not even there I got all of a sudden the
line sat down like a kitty kitty kitty
cat
the pittin shut down people are watching
they took them out I will hasn't got
treated and the answer was yes and yet
up ahead we were there when that lion
came what were you thinking we're so
scared we thought the lines gonna come
and kill you what were you thinking you
know whatever hasn't said he says well
law he I was not thinking of what you
guys were thinking of I was not
concerned about what you guys were
concerned about
I wasn't even afraid of what you guys
are afraid of the only thing I was
thinking about
they said the only thing I was listed
thinking about as the saliva coming down
from the lion touching my clothes is it
nauseous or not measures is it pure or
not feel because if it's not pure it
would invalidate my order thus it would
invalidate my prayer if the entire
mankind
ladies and gentlemen brothers and
sisters if the entire mankind from in
sand jeans they come together to harm
you and the lettuce I wanna harm you you
shall not be harmed if the entire
mankind from east and gin they came
together to visit with you but Allah
does not want to benefit you you should
not be benefited what can only happen is
what Allah has wished to happen put your
trust on Allah